Documentation update, added information about trackers (#3754)
opencv/cvat: site/content/en/docs/manual/advanced/ai-tools.md

- This action will automatically annotates one frame.
  In the [Automatic annotation](/docs/manual/advanced/automatic-annotation/) section you can read
  how to make automatic annotation of all frames.

## Trackers

Trackers are used to automatically annotate an object using bounding box.
Supported DL models are not bound to the label and can be used for any objects.

- Before you start, select the `magic wand` on the controls sidebar and go to the `Trackers` tab.
  Then select a label for the object and сlick `Track`. Then annotate the desired objects with the
  bounding box in the first frame.

  ![Start tracking an object](/images/trackers_tab.png)

> - All annotated objects will be automatically tracked at the moment of switching frames and if the previous frame
>   was a latest keyframe for the object. For tracking, use `F` to switch frame by frame.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- All annotated objects will be automatically tracked when you move to the next frame . 
  For tracking, use `Next` button on the top panel or the `F` button to move on to the next frame.
```

- You can enable/disable tracking using `tracker switcher` on sidebar.

  ![Tracker switcher](/images/tracker_switcher.jpg)

- Trackable objects have indication on canvas with a model indication.

  ![Tracker indication](/images/tracker_indication.png)

> - Tracking does not block the UI. A pop-up window displays information about the number of tracked objects.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- A pop-up window displays information about the number of tracked objects.
```
